hello yes this is what I wore hotline
League the other day all right guys
first question is need you to lead up
for gamertag radio so Fred smithy in the
first game itself Kamil ban the velocity
game you did see a pitted picked or
banned was it just maybe you guys
weren't comfortable with it
flexing it or was it just something that
you weren't comfortable in the game plan
for you guys I think it was just a big
decision for a team physician for us to
just how is the state of the union you
were comfortable like being in each
other
a skiing plan with while these sports
have questions for doublelift
what makes this roster separate and you
need to put the other two miss roster
this roster has a really great balance
of players like I I think our team you
can play so many different styles like
we can play this cup really can but we
also can do really creative like John
pathing and like really aggressive early
and I think the best thing about my
mom's team is everyone can make a play
at any time like I think all five of us
we can make crazy plays you know like
branch deals engages playing TPS or like
football circle just going 185 on is
Jerry like I think everyone on this team
has I can hide to make a play but all my
other teams we didn't have like a
perfect balance so questions for Belton
miles on TV hope in game 2 even had an
incredible four men 0 sarima shuffle can
you walk us through that sequence around
the bear that result I did yeah they
were all spit well I guess I can go
through them and let's try it out and
then I figured they would probably just
like flash over because it was really a
telegraph but I'm not sure if they all
did enough flash or they're nervous or
something but I'm just getting all of
them even that's really trying to flash
over the wall that one was kind of lucky
but yeah just they were just calling for
it this is Travis got her from a YouTube
channel
Steve various questions for you I
actually was thinking about this in fact
he'll be I were talking about of this
game was ending it's hard to think of
anybody else that's been involvement
League love to see sports that has
waited this long for a win I remember
when you used to play now then you curse
then you much teamliquid
even a split a lot of the other owners
were teasing you and mocking you and now
you want your on the press conference
again so what is this all like for you
it's just incredibly rewarding you know
life just has so many obstacles and just
gross at you all the time and you
know you just get knocked down over and
over if it was like gallon queue batch
when we were - oh we're about to put the
world's and then that didn't happen and
you know it's just constant like things
that happen that kind of deter you and a
lot of people saying like hey you guys
can't do it or even after we put this
team together during the offseason and
then we struggled a little bit in the
middle of the season like we were
getting so much like mockery I guess
from the community and other owners
saying like you guys you know waste of
the offseason or like doing things that
you can't accomplish even though you
spend a bunch of money was kind of the
beam you know I think the only way to
shut them all up is to win so you know
that was really the determination yeah
it just it feels great it feels like I'm
proud of the guys he's you know it's
really it's really these guys in the
community that's been supporting team
Master bureaucrats against questions for
Olay Olay the preparation after this one
you were going up against we didn't have
time the spring split MVP aphromoo of
the bombing and your old teammate Cody
Sun talked about the preparation for
that particular to be to and how you
feel be executed on it I think Nazi era
was can you do finding a home in repeat
but this year I realized that I think
Peter and me just talk a lot and we you
are every institution and then how to
react how to play better so I think
maybe they are not release of maybe
speed like us I think Peter talked about
talk about what you make sure every time
that we always discuss together I think
we knew every situation and we know how
to be so I think that to be to win
because I think Peter liked me a lot
hey this is parks with the game house I
had a question for new hat you obviously
played very well
and you have been in multiple regions
throughout your career so I'm interested
to see what you're most excited about
going into em aside now and who you're
excited about facing against I kind of
what match that you're looking forward
to they're both very matte finish and a
finishes you know so we don't know for
coming but our mid postcard to and I
just want me to just good time I know
but I think I think I'm afraid I need
your play carries to talk to
and I think my character but not valid
because last game is out our takeaways
cover but not press too much that
champions side so we're just picking
market that's my quote I'm just
complication and McLennan yeah I think
we kept we are not just being but we can
simply go ahead same thing we can show
hi Thomas Baker also with the game house
I wanted to ask doublelift what about
old lady is different than supports well
first these Korean I think the main
thing is just every sport is totally
different actually like I think every
time you play with the new teammate you
realize like every they have different
link a point system and I think always
my system is really like play making and
looking teenage looking to make like a
big risky play and I just play with that
to you actually so we're playing
together the wrong time but um now a lot
more safe I guess after having so many
bad experiences that were also a lot
more safe so first we were really bad
together and every week we just worked
on it so I think always unique because
he can really is really really good play
like any style and when we talk about
bombing or when I criticize them he is
really good improving
making changes and like after at the end
of all this regular season class and
stuff I think we're actually really good
and it was like every day every week we
were just talking about stuff and he's
making changes I'm making changes so I
think that's what's really unique about
him is he's really like a bounce player
like you can play everything
this is Kaplan proving grounds on TV I
have another question for doublelift for
this series it was often hear often
juxtaposed next to aphromoo and even all
these years later you guys are still
kind of put together do you think
there's ever going to be a time where
you guys are kind of caught up in your
own right or do you think he's always
gonna be the rush to your hour you know
I feel like they just kind of push from
you versus effort because there is
nothing else yeah like I I don't really
think too much I'm playing it's actually
I don't think a single time during the
series I thought about the word
afternoon or whatever
I usually just think about you know what
are we doing like what what does my team
want to do differently but it's cool
that the community
I was really popular I guess I'm really
popular too so I think it's natural the
community just wants to see us like play
against each other or play with each
other or something but it's so long it's
been three years I don't think about it
I don't know if we're getting to the
goofy questions yet but oh hey there was
a an episode of squad at the start of
the split where your teammates were kind
of wingmanning for you and saying that
you were looking for a girl there was a
there's a family audience holding up a
sign saying oh hey let's watch Gossip
Girl and go to disney world together
now that you've won or do you think that
you have the time to try to find someone
stream like they could be by the way
yeah
oh wait
hi this is you really from the retro my
question is for all n mm you guys just
destroyed on hundred these but they
differently have you leave in the bot
lane name an apartment I don't know how
you can beat this suite life of zack &
cody do you guys have a really good
going back to the serious question the
world that parks in with dd-did mouse
Steve you talked a little bit about your
team in the middle of this kind of
realizing that you had a few problems
fleshed out what is your role in kind of
motivating them more money than company
they are and how hard they work it's
even pushing them to work harder so that
we have then expanding soloqueue and
stuff like that you know why my role has
changed dramatically over the years you
know I used to be kind of manager and
coach and that I went to all-stars and
coach the team so I am a little less
involved on the day-to-day I really
power the coaching staff to be the
presence around the team at times I'll
just show my support
you know I'll hang out and watch scrims
and offer advice where I can and try to
make sure that they have all the
resources that they need to succeed
whether that's like a training facility
or the best chef and cooking great food
or it's you know the right mental coach
or the right you know manager whatever
it is I want to make sure they have
everything they need so they could just
focus on the game and you know middle of
the split we ran into a few issues and
we were able to kind of identify exactly
what they were and we could have went a
number of different directions but we
decided to just really fix them you know
and that's I think was it's it's kind of
easy to look back and hindsight and be
like that was the right decision but it
wasn't an easy decision at that point so
I just yeah just kind of a supportive
role and make sure that they have
everything they need and these skies are
so experienced they they come from you
know just years of playing so you know
they kind of work themselves out to be
true again this is perfect over so in an
interview with Ollie he said that you're
really good and they deserve to be
mentioned so do you think now that
you're here you're finally in the
pantheon with you know
so you finally broke the curse you're
now in first place does it feel to be
the fourth team flying a banner you know
the sooner i say i that fourth me I
think will continue to follow us you
know it's it's just one of those things
it's it's you know comical at this point
but you know it will be nice to actually
have a banner hanging in the North
American studio so we're champions
alright guys we're going to take a
couple of minutes to get some photos of
these guys on feel free get up get a
little bit closer I'm gonna grab the
strobe people
[Music]
[Applause]
Rhona near ass just got in front of the
stream hey Fred I don't want to get
banned thanks everyone for watching this
has been the Team Liquid press
conference
[Laughter]
also thanks for everyone who subbed